Add changes due to new CLI (#70)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool_Tutorial: _episodes/03-configuration.md

The ``config-user.yml`` configuration file contains all the global level
information needed by ESMValTool to run. This is an [YAML
file](https://yaml.org/spec/1.2/spec.html). An example configuration file can be
found in the ESMValCore repository:

> [config-user-example.yml](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/blob/master/esmvalcore/config-user.yml). You could download it by typing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[config-user-example.yml](https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValCore/blob/master/esmvalcore/config-user.yml).

You can generate a template configuration file by running:
```

{: .callout}

## Output settings

These settings are used to inform ESMValTool about your preference about
specific actions. You can turn on or off the setting by ``true`` or ``false``
values. Most of these settings are fairly self-explanatory, ie:

```yaml
# Diagnostics create plots? [true]/false
write_plots: true
# Diagnositcs write NetCDF files? [true]/false
write_netcdf: true
# Set the console log level debug, [info], warning, error
log_level: info
# Exit on warning (only for NCL diagnostic scripts)? true/[false]
exit_on_warning: false
# Plot file format? [png]/pdf/ps/eps/epsi
output_file_type: png

...

# Use netCDF compression true/[false]
compress_netcdf: false
# Save intermediary cubes in the preprocessor true/[false]
save_intermediary_cubes: false
# Remove the preproc dir if all fine
remove_preproc_dir: true

...

# Path to custom config-developer file, to customise project configurations.
# See config-developer.yml for an example. Set to [null] to use the default
 config_developer_file: null
# Get profiling information for diagnostics
# Only available for Python diagnostics
profile_diagnostic: false
```

## Destination directory

> The destination directory is the rootpath where ESMValTool will store its output,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The destination directory is the rootpath where ESMValTool will store its output folders containing
```
